[AB-3534] - Documentation update for tax1, tax2, discount amount and … (#197)
NextechSystems/selectapidocspub: source/includes/_claim.md

| item.item.quantity | The number of repetitions of a service or product. | [SimpleQuantity](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#SimpleQuantity) | _12.9.20_ |
| item.unitPrice | Fee for the product or service. | [Money](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Money) | _12.9.20_ |
| item.net | The quantity times the unit price for an additional service or product or charge. | [Money](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Money) | _12.9.20_ |
| item.tax1Total | The TaxRate1 times the unit price for an additional service or product or charge. | [Money](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Money) | _19.1.0_ |
| item.tax2Total | The TaxRate2 times the unit price for an additional service or product or charge. | [Money](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Money) | _19.1.0_ |
| item.discountCategoryDescription | The description of the discount - Sale, Category, or Coupon name. | [string](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#string) | _19.1.0_ |

> | item.discountTtoal | The discount rate times the unit price (when % based) or the unit price less the discount rate (when flate rate discount) for an additional service or product or charge. | [Money](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Money) | _19.1.0_ |

Reviewer: typos here
```suggestion
| item.discountTotal | The discount rate times the unit price (when % based) or the unit price less the discount rate (when flat rate discount) for an additional service or product or charge. | [Money](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/datatypes.html#Money) | _19.1.0_ |
```
Although I'm not 100% on the explanation for the flat rate discount. I'll ask Alicia.
